More formatting examples, small rewordings (#270)
obsidianmd/obsidian-docs: en/How to/Use callouts.md

    --callout-icon: '<svg>...custom svg...</svg>';
}
```

### Developer Notes

> The syntax has been chosen because:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We choose the syntax because:

```

> - it gracefully falls back to blockquotes in unsuported markdown renderers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it falls back to blockquotes in unsupported markdown renderers
```

> - it parses all markdown, including links, embeds, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it parses all Markdown, including links, embeds, etc.
```

> - [[Internal link|Internal link's]] are recognized and will show up in [[Backlinks]], [[Outgoing links]] and [[Graph view]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it recognizes [[Internal link|Internal link's]] and will shows up in [[Backlinks]], [[Outgoing links]], and [[Graph view]]
```
